this is it the heavyweight finals
robot fighting time
speed dial
Oh story
why Archie
Roy
driving into the
he's already lost
hammers he's dangerous
free himself
and finally just sit and wait
plantera he would freeze five yes
son of watches
fuck
right there stuck and that's why I
smashed
3yr cheese once dead away
useless but biohazard seems to be having
trouble as well
not just wait and this isn't good
why ouchy back to speed son of AI
actually moving now
my heart
you slimy pit
Oh
so soon
his hips are incredible to Lazarus
robots coming back from death
to continue to fight on why Archie back
up to speed
probably not close because he's not
balanced properly with that rod fly
enough but still the handles are moving
they've been lowered so they can hit
biohazard though each spot just hurting
both bots in pieces both white showing
the judges that they can
biohazard
brown on the line is unable to blow
why
god she's still moving
this is it is it over
he's conquer
there was crowded out by
some boy
fanta cheating
in dramatic fair
they just saw some of the greatest hits
down to the scars and find out what's
going on guys they stopped the clock
early may be too early they're up there
right now discussing whether or not
they're going to let the match run out
and reset the clock both robots were
still moving guys will check it out
because both BOTS were in motion at the
time of the stoppage we will now have a
judge's decision it is not a knockout it
is a judge's decision and we go to the
judges scorecards this is unprecedented
let me see the replays that's the first
hit of the fights and you can see that's
right there with son of who I actually
lost that bracing ride and hear that
still with his rod off Knox and titanium
skirt off biohazard maisie show power
ladies and gentlemen the three judges at
arena side have turned in a 29 to 16
decision for the winner and battle bots
Heavyweight Champion the red squares
that has to give it back and then
is a warning
the championship the pride Wisconsin is
no longer sharp turn